<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
	<title>Learning Holography</title>
	<meta charset="utf-8" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/base-style.css" />
</head>
<body>

	<h1>Learning Holography</h1>

	<dl>
		<dt><a href="wave-propagation.xhtml">Wave propagation</a></dt>
		<dd>
			A (simplified) visualization of how electromagnectic waves propagate
		</dd>

		<dt><a href="cgh-venn-diagram.xhtml">CGH Venn diagram</a></dt>
		<dd>
			An attempt at categorizing Computer-Generated Holography techniques
		</dd>

		<dt><a href="2d-hologram-viz.xhtml">2D hologram visualization</a></dt>
		<dd>
			A small interactive demo to play with various parameters that affect a hologram,
			such as the reference wave angle, the number of points, etc.
			Allows both inspection of an instantaneous interference pattern,
			and the generation of the stable pattern that forms over time.
			(Google Chrome recommended; It works in Firefox too, but it's less responsive.)
		</dd>

		<dt><a href="2d-hologram-instant.xhtml">2D hologram (instant calculation)</a></dt>
		<dd>
			Same as above, but the stable pattern is generated instantaneously,
			by taking advantage of some mathematical tricks.
			(again, Google Chrome recommended.)
		</dd>

		<dt><a href="pb-cgh-formulas.xhtml">Step-by-step derivation of the PB CGH formula</a></dt>
		<dd>
			A very detailed and layman-friendly description
			of the whole process to obtain the basic physically-based
			computer-generated hologram formula
			(complete with pseudo-code algorithm).
		</dd>

		<dt><a href="hologram.xhtml">Javascript CGH</a></dt>
		<dd>
			A naive implementation of a hologram encoder/decoder in Javascript
			(work in progress).
			<i>Note:</i> the code is completely unoptimized
			and generates the holograms through a brute-force approach.
			It is highly recommended to <b>use Chrome to run it</b>.
			Other browsers may freeze or even crash with this code. You've been warned!
		</dd>
	</dl>

	<hr />
	<p class="right gray">CC-BY-SA • <a href="about.xhtml">about</a></p>

</body>
</html>
